README.md, before:

# SkipIfZero Common
SkipIfZero Common is a collection of reusable c++11 code used in SkipIfZero projects. It contains math, algorithms, utilities, etc.

## Building
It is advisable to let CMake generate the wanted build solution in a directory called `build` inside the project folder as this folder is ignored by git.

### Requirements
- CMake 3.0 or newer for generating build solution.
- C++ compiler with good c++11 support: Clang, GCC or MSVC recommended.

### Linux and Mac OS X
 The following commands will generate the standard makefile build solution on Linux and Mac OS X:

	mkdir build

	cd build

	cmake ..

You then have the following options:

	
	make      // Builds the project
	
	make test // Runs the tests

	make help // Shows available options

#### Xcode
On Mac OS X you might also want to generate an Xcode project, you can do this using the following commands:

	mkdir build

	cd build

	cmake .. -GXcode

### Windows
CMake will generate a Visual Studio solution by default, but will not currently build. The reason for this is that Visual Studio doesn't support noexcept yet, which is heavily used in this project.

## Linking

### CMake
To link SkipIfZero Common in your CMake project the easiest solution is to copy the wanted version into a subdirectory of your project. Then use the following command in your `CMakeLists.txt` to add the `${SFZ_COMMON_INCLUDE_DIRS}` and `${SFZ_COMMON_LIBRARIES}` variables:

	add_subdirectory(path_to_SkipIfZero_Common_dir)

Now you can link SkipIfZero Common with the following commands:

	include_directories(${SFZ_COMMON_INCLUDE_DIRS})

	target_link_libraries(some_executable ${SFZ_COMMON_LIBRARIES})


## License
Licensed under zlib, this means that you can basically use the code however you want as long as you give credit and don't claim you wrote it yourself. See LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Squashed 'externals/SkipIfZeroCommon/' changes from dace353..46f4f4f
46f4f4f Merge pull request #18 from SkipIfZero/feature/visual_studio_compatibility
f8f937b Updated readme to reflect new experimental visual studio support.
e516452 Probable winner of tonights weirdest MSVC bug contest. When the parameter near was named "near" the character after it would syntax error. Had to rename the parameter to make it work.
18994fe Seems you can't compare with nullptr in a catch REQUIRE() block on MSVC. Nice.
a6f08fd ScopedThread: Only one function was marked noexcept, just remove the specifier to skip the ugly global hack.
8a53694 Skip std::is_pod tests on MSVC. They should pass, but they don't. Seems like MSVC has a weird definition of pod.
6de73b8 Matrix: Setter was accidentally marked const.
b4c9da2 Added a global header to be included in all headers. This header will contain global compiler specific hacks. Currently it only disables noexcept and constexpr on Visual Studio 2013 and earlier.
30f0623 Updated Catch to latest version.

git-subtree-dir: externals/SkipIfZeroCommon
git-subtree-split: 46f4f4fc1c427a9946ed9e8a8e1b3e7e6da96758

README.md, after:

# SkipIfZero Common
SkipIfZero Common is a collection of reusable c++11 code used in SkipIfZero projects. It contains math, algorithms, utilities, etc.

## Building
It is advisable to let CMake generate the wanted build solution in a directory called `build` inside the project folder as this folder is ignored by git.

### Requirements
- CMake 3.0 or newer for generating build solution.
- C++ compiler with good c++11 support: Clang, GCC or MSVC recommended.

### Linux and Mac OS X
 The following commands will generate the standard makefile build solution on Linux and Mac OS X:

	mkdir build

	cd build

	cmake ..

You then have the following options:

	
	make      // Builds the project
	
	make test // Runs the tests

	make help // Shows available options

#### Xcode
On Mac OS X you might also want to generate an Xcode project, you can do this using the following commands:

	mkdir build

	cd build

	cmake .. -GXcode

### Windows
Windows (Visual Studio) support is currently very experimental. This is mostly due to the huge amount of noexcept used, which isn't supported by Visual Studio yet. Currently a macro is used to disable noexcept when compiling with MSVC. Unfortunately the way it is implemented is undefined behavior and might interfere with other stuff.

	Create a directory called build in the root directory

	Open cmd inside the build directory

	cmake ..

## Linking

### CMake
To link SkipIfZero Common in your CMake project the easiest solution is to copy the wanted version into a subdirectory of your project. Then use the following command in your `CMakeLists.txt` to add the `${SFZ_COMMON_INCLUDE_DIRS}` and `${SFZ_COMMON_LIBRARIES}` variables:

	add_subdirectory(path_to_SkipIfZero_Common_dir)

Now you can link SkipIfZero Common with the following commands:

	include_directories(${SFZ_COMMON_INCLUDE_DIRS})

	target_link_libraries(some_executable ${SFZ_COMMON_LIBRARIES})


## License
Licensed under zlib, this means that you can basically use the code however you want as long as you give credit and don't claim you wrote it yourself. See LICENSE file for more info.
